Firm name _> Sandesh Trading Companyn (main Firm)

alone properiter of the company -> Sima Rajendra Jain

Rp jain and company is the firm of Sandesh


bussiness 

rajendra pramchand jain 


workers
6 people


2manager, 1 accountant , 1 purchase executive , 1 fitter machanical ,  1 general manager

labour 20



they use aditya named software which is in local language and help them to do accounting and audit work easily the developer of the software is one of the local vendor and in tally they are not able to handle  time to do work and multiple entries in tally software in engish language
but this other software is easy and local and easy english language and do not have to make multiple and distinct entries 


bussiness things and workers
ton buy agriculture product , wheat moong  makka , chana bajri  dadar m udit etc etc all types of grains dal pulses 


1 processing maching , 1 polishing   2 plants  both switched on different location


stocks are stored in cold storage

market me shop and godown 


good purchase techniques

auction selling nilami ke through purchase



sales are B2B and B2c


we suply to company through brokers and broker takes commission 5 rs per bag for makki ,,,10 per bag wheat ,,,,and 20 per bag as per item chana moong

direct relation through company OM industry , sunstar private limited



shop address market yard MIDC SHirpur


aditya software



How do you select suppliers for grains and pulses?
farmer come to market for selling theirr good through auction

we search through whatsapp message and online about vashi buldhana market price vardhaman broker and vallabh bhai broker






What factors do you consider when choosing suppliers (e.g., quality, cost, delivery time)?

quality , rate, dosti yari wala bussines nahi hai





How often do you procure items like chana, makki, moong, and other pulses?
seasionable 

feb to june chana gheu moong makka bajra
and aug sept oct december moond udat soya chauli bajri jawar






What is the typical lead time between ordering and receiving products?
farmer direct come to market and goes to godown aur toll kar deta hai 



How do you ensure the quality of the grains and pulses procured from suppliers?
experience and makki is buyed on moisture less moisture should  so kam wazan sukana padta uusme




How do fluctuations in the market price of grains and pulses affect your procurement decisions?
they muy as per margin and future report and depend upon supply comming from auction 






What challenges do you face in maintaining inventory levels for high-demand products?

Dhor bail ,, grain is perishable and time is month or 2 month as per product and time of buying and we have to send it to cold storage

we buy in bulk quantity and makki ko sukana padta natural challenges like rain , if moisture then also we have to make is dry 

minimum moisture where makki dosent get bad is 14 , 15 and they buy at upon 80  to 100 farmers product moisture level and experience and quality

and they have buyers of multiple counts






How do you manage seasonal variations in product availability or demand?

we store and in season we buy bulk and extra and we can supply as per future demand so that they can supply for further 4 5 months



testing facility is not available 

they personally do the testing thing through machines of 


sept then 40 level 45 50

otc then 30 35 

novmber then 20 for makki moisture







How do you identify potential clients (other companies) to sell your products to?

broker AND COMPANY SOME OTHER DIRECT relATION COMPANY






What criteria do other businesses typically have when purchasing from your company?

testing , quality  , damage some company buy damage product and some buy good products



they buy damage prod when supply demand of bad product requrement company companies come








What is the average size of an order from business clients?

depend on our quatity  and some time on DEMAND 

1 truck 15 ton or 30 ton 







Do you offer any bulk discounts or incentives for larger purchases? If so, how is that structured?


discount is on payment condition 

if 2nd day 3 % 2 %

cash 2 % 1 % as per condition

avg 10 15 din me payment aata hai 

big companies give in 8 day and 3 day many a times







How do you manage delivery and logistics for bulk orders?

transport through truck
 and they have 4 5 agents depend on location like gujrat and mumbai etc






 What is the return or exchange policy for B2B transactions?

 NO EXCHANGE POLICY 

 return policy if not are as per condition or  we have to reduce rate or companies claim some discount 

condition example , moisture, for moond quality  colour clean polish  damage 






How do you forecast demand from your business clients?

perishable goods have demand like it is local bussiness but demand depend on export import and demand 



What types of customers frequent your retail outlet (e.g., families, small shop owners)?

families, small shop owners , gorcery shop , malls , end users in retial 

miller  for companies demand 






Which products (pulses, grains) are the most popular in your retail store?

for retail  wheat and moong and mot and chana

for wholesale all products



How do you determine pricing for retail customers compared to bulk sales?

market condition  example compititor , margin , stock abailable  for both retail and bulk buyers

on bulk 1 %  , .50% , 2 %  for bulk

tezi and mandi me 5 % aur 10 %  for bulk

retail margin si based on customer quantity of buying

if big bag buy then 2 rs per kilo

if small quantity like 1  or 2 kilo then 5 rs 

and less margin for retail regular customer




How often do customers typically shop for grains and pulses?

on seasonable and their buying capacity they come all the time

of season we try approach depending our stock left








Do you track customer preferences or purchase patterns (e.g., monthly shopping trends)?

no majorly








How do you ensure that your retail stock meets customer demand during peak shopping periods?

yes








Do you offer loyalty programs or discounts for regular customers? If so, what do they entail?


no majorly but discounts based on the regular and loyal customer in retail bussiness




What challenges do you face in your retail operations (e.g., stock management, customer satisfaction)?

customer satisfaction conditions

quality rate  communicationi skill  , no free delivery is done for retail they dont focus on retaili counter when they are busy




positioning and competition.


 they handle 7th 8th number in buying in the market 

they buy 20 % of the market  they are strong buyer mantality


in auction buying the highest boli lagate hai wo buy karte hai  

they have compititor have customer segmentation  compititor  buy on demand and their customer segmentation



selling donot have compitition and buying have compitition 

bcoz selling many a times company still have to import from other company to meet their demands






How do you differentiate your company from other grain and pulse suppliers in the region?

demand   + no mixing in quality + trust  + best quality + medium quality as per requirement 
+ past experiences of consumer and they supply before deadline  and the ratio of company sending back the buyed product is very less

+ no mal practices and maitain good healthy relation with companies and peoples









What are the main challenges you face from competitors?


their compitiors face challenge in buying  it is auction buying if the customer or demand is more they dont able to procure and able to supply to customers









How do you stay updated on market trends and consumer preferences in the grain and pulses sector?

years experience

they buy package and they send daily message of demand and suypply of import export demand and import export rates and mumbai market nashik market rates

based on demand and supply rule 


































What are your primary business goals for the next 1-3 years?



to make more money and increase turn over and make their own plant and export







Are you planning to expand your product line beyond grains and pulses?

no






What new markets are you looking to enter (e.g., new regions or customer segments)?


export ,  spot sell  meaning come to us and buy ,,,,no long route we do only in maharashtra  only bcoz maharashtra is grouwing  industrial area  and consumption is increasing





planning


is done in future prediction


and after procurement how we do planning 

one person busy

other person do weight and store in godown

labour do packaging

and we do very less planning







What role does technology play in your business operations? Are you considering adopting new technology to improve efficiency?


current cleaning and polish 


and we will buy color seperator  and defective like makki machine

they seperate based on colour yellow and black colour 

like udat dal moong dal and makki

and computerize cleaning 












How do you gather feedback from your retail customers and business clients?

oral  informal feedback









How do you manage storage for grains and pulses (e.g., warehousing, temperature control)?


yes 











What steps do you take to improve customer satisfaction based on feedback?

quality , less rate , no labour charge , trust factor




How do you handle customer complaints or issues with products?

informal way and try to convence and buy back if not meet customer satisfaction


Do you have a formal process for resolving issues with suppliers or customers?

no not informal



What logistics solutions do you use for transporting products to clients or retail outlets?

trucks and agents contact based on location of delivery like gujrat bhusaval jalgaon etc


2012 2013 me tamil nadu banglore

current maharashtra

and sell to exporter 




What challenges do you face in ensuring timely delivery to customers or companies?

they reduce payment and penalty and 






type of truck used

loading capacity 





